34. The Transfer post-trade category should also be used to offset a common Client’s delivery exposure for the Cash Today (“TOM”) or Cash Prompt Date for existing on-Exchange positions. In these circumstances, a net position may be offset at each Clearing Member by submitted the relevant entries to the Matching System priced at the Official Settlement Price for the Prompt Date.
35. The Transfer post-trade category may also be used to offset an existing onExchange position at one Member with an OTC position at another Member for a common Client, or an existing OTC position at one Member with an onExchange position at another Member for a common Client using the Transfer trade category in conjunction with the OTC Bring-On trade category as applicable.
## Reversal/Correction Cancellation Flag
36. To execute a Reversal/Correction the cancellation trade flag should be used to correct errors that may have occurred in one or more of the fields entered into the Matching System at the point of trade submission. In addition, this facility should also be used in conjunction with the revised Give-Up process detailed below.
37. Trades previously submitted with a Reversal/Correction trade category must be submitted with the same trade category as the previously registered trade. The new trade must have the correct Cancellation Flag and the Cancel Link Id set to the Matching Reference Number of the original trade.
38. Trades submitted to the Matching System with the Reversal trade flag must reflect the exact economic trade details of the trade originally registered other than the ‘Buy/Sell’ indicator. For the avoidance of doubt, no partial Reversals are permitted.
39. Client Contracts may be cancelled and resubmitted to the Matching System on the day of trade (“T”) but errors identified thereafter (T+1 onwards) must be corrected using the Reversal/Correction above.
40. In the event that a trade Executed in LME Select requires a price adjustment as a result of the Lending Rules, Members must use the Reversal/Correction process Normal trade category against venue inter-office to effect the necessary adjustment.
41. The Reversal/Correction process can also be used to effect a currency
