(b) Reverse the original Give-Up Executor trade half with the UNA member mnemonic, and submit a Give-Up Executor trade half with the now known Clearing Member mnemonic in the Counterparty field and with an appropriate Client reference where known.
53. When the Give-Up Executor enters their reversal half trade, then a new matched trade will be created, but with the original trade date/time retained.
54. If the executing Member chooses to follow (a) above, then they must ensure that the Give-Up Executor trade half that contains the Clearing Member mnemonic also includes such information that allows for it to be identified as being related to the original cleared trade. In this regard, Members are reminded of the general obligation to ensure that they maintain a full audit trail for all orders, trade and post-trade operations.
55. For both (a) and (b) the Execution Time of the Give-Up Executor trade half must be the same as that entered on the original cleared Give-Up Executor/Give-Up Clearer trade.
56. Where the details of the original trade have changed – e.g. Prompt Date, price, volume – then the executing Member may again choose to follow either (a) or
(b) as above. However, in these circumstances the Execution Time of either the Give-Up Executor trade half must be the time at which the amended details of the trade were agreed with the Client.
57. Members are reminded of the need to ensure that orders which are to be givenup to other Members for clearing, are done so in a timely fashion, and that it is the responsibility of all Members, executing and clearing, to ensure that they, and their Clients recognise the importance of transmitting any Client instructions and processing this business as swiftly as possible.
58. Where it has not been possible to effect a give-up on trade date (“T”), then the Cleared Trade, created through the submission of the Give-Up Executor trade half and the system-generated Give-Up Clearer trade half, will be processed by the Clearing House together with all other Cleared Trades in accordance with the Clearing House Rules.
