whereby users of physical metal swap (exchange) an existing on- Exchange hedge and a commitment to deliver physical metal. The entry recorded in the Matching System is therefore the movement of a position for a non-common Client.
30. When undertaking a physical metal swap for a non-common Client Members are required to have a 4-way agreement in place prior to entering such a transaction. Members must maintain a full audit trail in order to demonstrate complete history of a transaction. Each Member must confirm via the agreement that the Client is a direct customer, is a commercial user of the metal concerned and had given the Member written instructions regarding the metal swap transaction. The Member must ensure that the transaction is not in breach of LME Rules or other appropriate legal requirements.
31. Members executing an exchange for physical (“EFP”) transaction and in doing so wish to create a new hedge on Exchange (as opposed to using an existing position), should use the Financing trade category. Where the Members or their Clients wish to use an existing position as a hedge for an EFP transaction, then this constitutes a metal position exchange and the Transfer trade category should be used.
32. Where transferring a Client position between Clearing Members for the Base Service, the position must first be moved out of the relevant GOSA/OSA/ISA account to the Member’s House account using the Transfer post-trade category. Once this registration has been completed, the Transfer trade half may be entered into the Matching System for matching with the other Clearing Member to effect the Transfer. Once the Client position has been received into the Member’s House account, the position should subsequently be moved to the relevant GOSA/OSA/ISA account.
33. Client positions may be transferred at the original “Historic” contract price, or “Current” market price (usually the Closing Price for the relevant Prompt Date). Members may transfer a single trade or a trade weighted average of the longs AND a trade weighted average of the shorts as long as they maintain a sufficient audit trail to demonstrate how the “average” price was calculated and which pricing basis was used. Members may not offset long and short positions between two or more accounts to effect a position transfers, for the purpose of avoiding or evading the Matching Rules or otherwise. Members may not average/amalgamate trades using different pricing bases.
