6. For the LME to fulfil its regulatory reporting obligations, the Matching System will connect to LMEselect at 01:00. Members should therefore give consideration as to when they connect to the Matching System. In order to receive all trade messaging Members will be required to login to the system in advance of the 01:00 opening. Should members choose to login after the open they will be required to perform a Trade Mass Status Request whereby only the current state of the transaction is captured.
7. Members are responsible for the input of an Agreed Trade and all relevant particulars of an Agreed Trade into the Matching System within the timescales set out in Regulation 3.5 of the Trading Regulations, subject that registration of Agreed Trade halves agreed during Asian business hours (including those arranged by a Registered Intermediating Broker) must be submitted to the Matching System by 08:30. Members are not obligated to submit Agreed Trade halves from 01:00, when the Matching System opens.
8. Members must retain a full audit trail for all orders submitted to LME Select, all Agreed Trades agreed non-electronically, and all post-trade operations. The audit trail should contain sufficient information to demonstrate a complete history of the transaction, if requested by the Exchange. Where Members have Executed transactions in currencies other than US Dollars, the audit trail for these transactions must include the relevant US Dollars price and the FX rate used to calculate the non-US Dollars price. In addition, Members must ensure that they have appropriate documentation in place with their Clients prior to arranging, agreeing or Executing orders received from them (e.g. give-up agreement etc.).
9. Cash-Settled Futures, LMEmini Contracts, Monthly Average Futures, and Premium Contracts may only be executed in US Dollars. All other contracts may be executed in US Dollars, Euro, Japanese Yen or Pounds Sterling.
10. Agreed trades that are agreed as Carries should be entered as such in to the Matching System and the audit trail for the transaction should clearly demonstrate whether a trade is an outright or a Carry. When submitting Carry
