3690     Y  Y  -  Y  -  -  -

26883    Y  Y  -  -  Y  Y  -

DSP700   -  -  -  -  -  -  Y

DIV1299  -  -  -  -  -  -  Y  -

SRI3606  -  -  -  -  -  -  Y

60954    Y  Y  -  -  Y  -  -  Y

Step 2: Identify applicable margin components for each instrument by referring to
            the FieldType definitions stated in §2.2.

For example, users should only include the InstrumentID 658 and 3606 for flat rate margin
calculation according to the identification results shown in the above table (see §3.2.4.2 for
calculation process on flat rate margin in details).

3.2.3 Identify Margin Adjustments and Other Risk Components

Users shall follow the rules below to determine which instrument should be included in the
calculation of other risk components:

    • Positions limit add-on applies to all Hong Kong market instruments; and
    • Credit risk add-on and ad-hoc add-on are not applicable to any instruments from

         the Initial Margin Risk Parameter File. Instead, users shall refer to the add-on
         amounts directly from the “MTM and Margin Requirement Report”.

The margin adjustments below are applied on a portfolio basis (See §3.2.8 for details):
    • Rounding on aggregated market-risk-component margin;
    • Consideration on favorable MTM; and
    • Application of margin credit.

3.2.4 Calculate Market Risk Components

  3.2.4.1 Portfolio Margin

  The portfolio margin is the weighted average of the following two components, subject to
  the portfolio margin floor:

        (i) Historical Value-at-Risk (“HVaR”) component; and
        (ii) Stress Value-at-Risk (“SVaR”) component.

  For the calculation of (i) and (ii), it is required to treat each IPO18 stock and its relevant
  structured product(s) 19 as an individual portfolio and group other non-IPO related
  instruments together as another separate portfolio.

3.2.4.1.1 Historical Value-at-Risk Component (“HVaR”)
HVaR is calculated according to the steps as follows:

Step 1: Calculate the portfolio returns of positions in each scenario under
           FieldType 1 identified as per instructions in §3.2.2.

18 CPs could refer to the IPO Indicator Report (“DWH0303”) on Report Access Platform (“RAP”) daily to identify the stocks that are
subject to IPO segregation and its relevant structured product(s) required to be grouped as an individual portfolio when calculating
HVaR and SVaR (i.e., stocks which are newly listed within the recent 180 calendar days, subject to SFC approval).
19 If the underlying (as shown under Column 1 of FieldType 5 in the IMRPF) of an instrument in FieldType 5 is an IPO stock, this
instrument is a relevant structured product.